 
 
Contact
minhkady@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/hoang-minh-
phan-kady-0b7b211a4 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Strategic Sourcing
Procurement
Problem Solving
Languages
Vietnamese (Native or Bilingual)
Chinese (Limited Working)
English (Professional Working)
Hoang Minh Phan (Kady)
Sourcing Manager
Da Nang City, Vietnam
Summary
An outstanding MBA Graduate with proven working experience
in management, sales, export/import and quantitative research
background. Passionate about international trade, global
development and digital transformation. A dynamic team player,
a quick learner who easily adapts to the multi-cultural working
environment and always seeks challenges.
Experience
OneLink Holdings
Sourcing Manager
November 2022 - Present (3 years 5 months)
Da Nang City, Vietnam
- Manage and develop the sourcing team to improve sourcing efficiency and
supplier performance.
- Work directly with customers to understand product requirements and
prepare accurate and competitive quotations.
- Build and maintain strong relationships with local and international suppliers
to secure the best pricing and quality.
- Coordinate with customer account managers, suppliers, and freight
forwarding partners to ensure smooth order fulfillment and timely delivery.
- Monitor sourcing timelines and supplier performance to ensure customer
satisfaction and operational efficiency.
- Identify new sourcing opportunities and alternative suppliers to strengthen
supply capability and support business growth.
Viet Huong Ceramics
Export-Import Manager
June 2020 - August 2022 (2 years 3 months)
Da Nang City, Vietnam
- Manage the import/ export process and ensures compliance with all required
government laws and licensing regulations.
- Develop and implement systems and policies to administer documentation
processes required to import and export merchandises.
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
- Resolve complex issues that have been escalated and expedites solutions
with clients, customs officals, shipper, liners, agents.
- Manage, mornitor documentation staff, customer services, and operation
staff.
- Responsible for sales of existing products and expand consumer base by
identifying new business prospects.
EEC Elite Express
Store Clerk
May 2018 - March 2020 (1 year 11 months)
Kaohsiung City, Taiwan
- Greet guests and answer questions regarding goods or services (about
Southeast Asian products, Overseas Foreign Workers Remittance, Sea and
Air freight forwarder, Domestic and International Airline ticket)
- Maintain a well-organized and orderly storefront that aligns with the
company's image
- Ensure the stockroom is organized and orderly
- Strive to achieve monthly sales goals
Hung Vuong Corporation (HVG)
Export - Import Dept. Staff
November 2014 - February 2018 (3 years 4 months)
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Sales Dept.
- Seek, approach, and liaise with prospective clients to introduce and sell Hung
Vuong's products (pangasius and other seafood) via various channels.
- Participate and organize the company's booth in the annual seafood
exhibitions (Domestic, China, America and Belgium)
- Set up meetings with factories and potential clients, listen to their demands,
wishes and concerns. Negotiate/close deals and handle complaints or
objections.
- Contact package companies to design and order cartons for packaging as
the customers' request.
- Do procedure with factories, documentation and booking departments to
export the products.
- Support to purchase goods and import procedures for export processing.
Document Dept.
- Responsible for making and handling import and export documents. Check
the validity of the set of documents.
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
- Prepare the necessary procedures to export and import goods: make a set of
customs declarations, submit and get the results of applying for C / O, make a
set of payment documents import and export, application for permits (for goods
requiring permits), application for quality registration (for a number of goods
items), official dispatches to relevant parties.
- Keep track of goods status, date of departure, arrival to inform to customers
and related department.
Me.Tal Vietnam Import Export Corporation Limited
Sales Executive
April 2014 - October 2014 (7 months)
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
- Planning and seeking new customers to expand business
- Remaining and developing sales from traditional customers
- Preparing documents for exporting procedure.
Education
I-Shou University
Master's degree, Business Administration and Management,
General · (2018 - 2020)
University of Economics and Law
Bachelor's degree, International Economic Relations · (2010 - 2014)
 
Page 3 of 3
